We are in the process of inviting the artifact review committee for
PETS 2024. Do you know someone who would be great to join the PETs
artifact committee for the current submission cycle (2024 year)?

(Note that we automatically consider artifact review committee members
from PETS 2023 so there is no need to e.g. nominate yourself.)

For PETS 2023, there were 61 total artifacts submitted, and an average
of 3 reviews per committee member, with a maximum of 2 assigned reviews
per committee member each round.

The deadlines and review periods for the upcoming year are similar to
last year's and we expect the review load to remain the same (or lower).
Each round authors will submit approximately three weeks after the
notice of acceptance with initial review period being for three weeks
following that.

Most artifacts are source code. So, often what the role is consists of
accessing the code repo, attempting to execute the code base following
the documentation, and seeing if it corresponds to the paper (reviewing
the documentation). For most cases, this shouldn't take long. If the
reviewer runs into issues running it, they spend a short time attempting
to fix it, but if it is proving to have many issues, then they document
them, say what they did to get to them and post it back for the authors
to attempt to address. The authors then fix it (in documentation and/or
the code) and the reviewer can try again. So unlike a paper,  initial
artifact review is shorter (in terms of time) but then there are
multiple short bursts of time needed to finish the iterative process. If
an artifact is going on too long (or other exception), sometimes the
chairs take over to finish shepherding it to acceptance.

Please let us know by  July 28th if you or someone else is willing
to serve on the artifact committee (If you've been on vacation and get
this email after that date, feel free to reach out still if you are
willing to be on the committee again and we'll see if it will work).


Max and Pasin
PoPETs Artifact Chairs
